1.10.0 Release Prep (#3544)
microsoft/vscode-azurefunctions: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 1.10.0 - 2023-02-02

### Added

- Enable support for Python 3.10 when creating projects [#3486](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-azurefunctions/issues/3486)
- Support new Durable Functions backend options for the following languages: C#, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python [#3273](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-azurefunctions/issues/3272)

> - Support new Node.js Programming Model (v4) [#3285](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-azurefunctions/issues/3285)

Reviewer: Can you mention the experimental flag? Also put (Preview) instead of (v4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for new Node.js language model (Preview). Set feature flag `azureFunctions.showNodeProgrammingModel` to enable [#3285](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-azurefunctions/issues/3285)
```
